In this example, we first import the Pandas and Matplotlib libraries. We then use the read_csv function
from Pandas to read in the medical data from a CSV file.

Next, we calculate the average age of patients in the dataset using the mean method of the Pandas DataFrame.
We print out the result.

Finally, we create a histogram of the blood pressure values using the plot method of the DataFrame.
We specify the type of plot (kind='hist') and add some labels to the plot using Matplotlib. We then
display the plot using the show method.

This is just a simple example, but it demonstrates some of the basic functionality of Pandas in working
with medical data.




The line df = pd.read_csv('medical_data.csv') is a Python code that reads a CSV (Comma-Separated Values) file called
'medical_data.csv' into a Pandas DataFrame object, which is stored in a variable called 'df'.

Here's a breakdown of what this line of code does:

pd: This is a shorthand reference to the Pandas library, which needs to be imported at the beginning of the script
using import pandas as pd.

read_csv(): This is a Pandas function that reads a CSV file and converts it into a DataFrame object. The function takes
one required argument, which is the file path or URL of the CSV file, and several optional arguments that control how
the file is read and parsed.

'medical_data.csv': This is the file path or URL of the CSV file that we want to read. In this case, the file is located
 in the same directory as the Python script, so we can just provide the file name.

df: This is the variable name that we are using to store the DataFrame object that is returned by read_csv(). We can
choose any valid variable name that we want.

So when we run df = pd.read_csv('medical_data.csv'), Pandas reads the contents of the 'medical_data.csv' file and
creates a DataFrame object that represents the data. The DataFrame is stored in the variable 'df', which we can use
to manipulate and analyze the data using Pandas functions and methods.